all right so there's this new movie on
Netflix that's pretty creepy they got a
pretty jacked-up design for the monster
and I think that there's a lot of scenes
within the movie that are done pretty
well but at the end in my opinion it's
still a stream it for several reasons
let me explain
we're following a couple of brewskis who
are getting drinks so you got a picture
it like the World's End except instead
of aliens you just subtract that for
demons they're talking about going
hiking and stuff when two of them decide
to enter a liquor store it's actually
getting robbed so what are the friends
get straight-up smashed on the head well
my man over here goes into spectator
mode and lets his friend get killed not
cool man
they still go on that Swedish hiking
trip in honor of their dude and they
pour a drink for their homie and pour a
drink for their homie and well at least
you know they won't be buzzed when they
start seeing things they're walking in
the woods when one of them twists their
ankle giving them a reason to take a
shortcut and they find freaking
Bullwinkle straight-up gutted in the
middle of the forest hanging there like
a Blair Witch doll they run into some
hieroglyphs on trees a cabin in the
woods and if I'm already ready to turn
off Netflix at this point I don't get
how these dudes aren't ready to dip on
this trip they break into the cabin and
find a strawman witchcraft thing dude
gets awoken by an ominous light and ends
up with markings on his chest and after
waking up screaming they find one of
their friends worshiping that Idol thing
naked like at what point do you realize
you're in a horror movie
they booked it out of there but at this
point we're like halfway through the
script so you know that these dudes are
screwed they start arguing with each
other and there's that one friend who
twisted his ankle who keeps complaining
and he's kind of a douche but at the
same time he makes a pretty good point
when he calls out the main dude for not
saving the friend in the beginning to
which the main dude reacts by just
hurting another friend that's where the
movie starts leaning - the metaphor
aspects of grief and trauma and how
that's kind of compared to you know
being lost in the woods that question of
if you're in a scenario where things are
getting dangerous would you selfishly
save yourself or risk helping another
person which ironically gets brought up
again all of that seems to hint to like
a psychological type horror until they
find their friend physically gutted and
uses an ornament since they don't have
anything to pour for him they book it
again this demon takes out another one
of the dudes and the last two guys make
it into another cabin in the
and it's like they're just they're just
not learning turns out that there's a
whole village of others in this place
they tie both of them up and then an old
lady flashes the main dude
but really she's just showing off the
same swastika markings that the guy has
supposedly that means that they were
chosen by this demon monster thing and
it's their honour to worship Him one of
the other ladies brings up that if they
have that and as long as they kneel down
and worship it it's not going to attack
them which is a straight line because
that other dude kneeled and that dudes
dead they take the friend to go get
sacrificed and believe it or not this
whole thing is a Cloverfield just
kidding
this Gengar in a t-rex body demon thing
kills the guy the main dude ultra thumbs
up himself so he can escape he walks
into this like afterlife Church makes a
service lit then runs into that crazy
old lady again there we go
he shoots his way out and sees the
monster looking like a deer so he
decides to go hunting but he ain't got a
license so then he has to book it
himself this demon Loki creature
captures him and write what he's about
to eat him he decides to do yoga for
some reason we get another smash and the
main dude runs out of the forest leaving
the creature behind where it can't
escape as it's bound by this forest type
thing and they decide to just yell
goodbye to each other
the main guy then walks away
triumphantly and we learned that the
best way to get over one friend's death
is to make sure that the rest of your
friends die as well
think you guys for checking out this
video I thought some of the scenes that
were in the forest but it's like turning
into a convenience store we're pretty
legit but it's just one of those horror
movies where I think it's too smart to
be as dumb as it is to contradict itself
right like the narrative you know the
monster there's a monster that they
worship with in the woods and it can't
leave it it's kind of ridiculous
considering all the powers that it has
it is based off some you know folklore
that goes with demons but literally even
when you get to the metaphor side of it
it's kind of like come on now they the
guy in learn his lesson you just killed
the rest of his friends other than that
I'm curious to know your thoughts about
this movie down below in the comments
section remember to comment like and
subscribe and I'll be sure to pour a
drink out for you as well